Documentation content additions and revisions for M2 (#551)
datajoint/datajoint-python: docs-parts/admin/5-blob-config_lang3.rst

>    This is done using the ``set_cache_folder`` method of the schema object.

Reviewer: What `set_cache_folder` method?

Author: No idea. I only moved this line from the general content into a language-specific file.

Author: There does not seem to be such a method. Do you know what the method should be?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is done by saving the path in the ``"cache"`` key of the DataJoint configuration dictionary:

.. code-block:: python

   dj.config['cache'] = '/temp/dj-cache
```
